Why Froody
Froody is a word invented by Douglas Adams from his saga the hitchhiker’s guide to the galaxy which means to have the quality of being a frood. Despite being derived from the word 'frood', which means an "amazingly together guy", according to Zaphod Beeblebrox, it does not mean that "everything's under control", as that would not be "cool and froody".
Introduction
Froodism Is a new political system conceived in the year 2024 and first used in the UK 2032 general election. Froodism believes that modern governments are run far more like businesses than ever and very much do not have the peoples interests at heart.
In today’s world the school systems aggressive teaching methods destroy all interest in learning students have a very limited ability to say what they actually want to learn
In a capitalist system everyone spends their lives chasing. Power, status wealth and they are corrupted in doing so

FREEDOM
Free speech and freedom of beliefs is an absolute in Froodism in later years even in countries like the US founded on the principles of freedom now persecute people for believing in the wrong thing Communism, racism etcetera. Froodism will give the British people absolute and total freedom, however we believe in a society where one belief isn’t always pushed using the BBC we will talk from a multitude of perspectives.
Last year 3000 Britons were arrested for things they posted on social media, is that free speech? The government and media constantly try to make countries like Russia seem oppressive and destructive but how many arrested for internet posts there; in a country of almost twice the population? In fact only 779 were arrested. And they’re the bad guys? The place where any resistance is crushed? The lies we are fed are constant, ridiculous and have no place in fact. 
Cost of living
As the country starves the government continues to dish out money to war efforts thousands of miles away, continues to invest in projects halfway across the world
Building
The town and country planning act means it can take years to even get permission to build in fact Brittain has the oldest houses in Europe because of it
I’m a human being not a human doing
3-day weekend will happen
We want a universal basic income (UBI) that is a set amount of money given to every citizen enough for food in their bellies and a roof over their heads this will replace the benefits system. In the future people will wonder “wait in the past if I didn’t work, I’d starve?”

A quote that struck a chord with me was “Everybody’s born to compete as he chooses but how can someone win if winning means that someone loses?”
We will be the people’s people

I imagine a future where everyone has a say in the country’s doings

The government is not here to regulate every facet of life no matter the consequences


